In the year 1701, in Japan, the govermant is Tokugawa Shogunate, is 元祿14年.
Ataru Moroboshi is 士族 (武士) living in 武藏國 (Edo)'s Tomobiki Town

Lum is drive a spaceship by two months to Earth, and enter 武藏國 (Edo)'s Tomobiki Town.
"Here is Earth?", Lum said.
A guy : "Here is Earth"
The guy seek a green hair's Lum, is take katana to defense : "Ah, the green hair's person, and the ship, you is god?"
Lum : "I is an alien, not a god."
The guy try kill Lum : "You is a alien, is a ghost?".
Lum use Dengeki, a flash sound was produced.
The guy said : "I is falled, and I is kill I."
Lum said : "No", and use dengeki to stop kill the guy.
The guy is sorry to kill himself : "I is Ataru Moroboshi, I is Edo's Tomobiki Town's samurai."
Lum : "Here is Tomobiki Town, and how you are an samurai, and how use samurai."
Ataru leach Lum about samurai, and Lum is know the samurai skill.

---

Lum said : "How the town's buildings?"
Ataru refer a buidling : "This is my home."
Ataru refer other buidling : "This is Ichiro's home."
Lum reply : "How Ichiro?"
Ataru : "Ichiro is a farmer near my home."
Ichiro is come here and view Lum and said to Lum : "How you are?"
Lum : "I is Lum, is from ghost planet."
Ichiro : "Here is s isekai." (Because 1701's Japanese think outside Asia are isekai.)
Ichiro take a news to Lum, and the news writing : "「絆創戰隊羈絆五人組」's 「羈絆紅戰士」 battle to 「絕緣王」, not died, suspected enter Europe."
Lum : "The 羈絆紅戰士 is not died, is enter Europe."

In Europe, 羈絆紅戰士 is entered to Europe.
羈絆紅戰士 view the place : "How Here is isekai?"
An European is know japanese and said to the 羈絆紅戰士 : "Here is Europe."
羈絆紅戰士 : "How back to Japan?"
The European reply : "You is sent a mail to Japan instead, keep in our Europe, you means "isekai"."
羈絆紅戰士 write mail to the person, and sent mail to Japan.

Back to Tomobiki Town, Lum is know the news.
Ruri is a crystal lover, and is in 甲斐國 mine crystals because Ruri cannot buy crystal necklace.
Ruri : "I is Ruri, I love crystal, and I mine crystal to save money to buy crystal, and I now can sell crystal to earn money."
Lum : "You will become rich, Ruri."

越前龍馬 is use tennis in the time.
龍馬 : "You is Lum, is Tomobiki Town appear's green hair ghost."
Lum : "Yes"
龍馬 : "I is 越前龍馬, I is use tennis, and from China." (the tennis means real tennis.)
Lum to view 越前龍馬 play tennis.
Lum : "The netball is tennis."
龍馬 : "Yes"
---


Lum is view "羈絆紅戰士"'s draw, and walking to a street with Ataru.
Lum : "Earth's hero are good, the senshi is red."
Ataru : "This is rangers in the Japan, and is against to 絕緣王."
Lum : "The 絕緣王 is evil boss?"
Ataru : "Yes, it is 秘密結社絕緣團's king."
Lum : "The planet's street are good."
Ataru : "Yes"
Lum in the street with Ataru is found a street about "DNA", and the "DNA" stand "Dantai Naiyō Analyze" (Group Content Analyze)
Dantai Naiyō Analyzer is enter here.
Lum : "How you is a analyzer, you can know my from which place?"
Dantai Naiyō Analyzer : "Yes, you is green hair, and a nail."
Lum : "tcha~"
Dantai Naiyō Analyzer : "You is from ghost world."
Lum : "You answer right."
Ataru : "How me?"
Dantai Naiyō Analyzer : "You is from Edo."

In 1701's Deviluke planet
In the time, Deviluke race is not spaceship, cannot space trade, but ghost zoku (race) have spaceship, and can enter Earth.
In the time, we're known's Lala and Nana and Momo are not born.
Deviluke person are anicent age (as our Earth 2020s' technology), is note technology, and have spaceship and technology is wait to recently (1900s).
Deviluke planet is use car and airplane, and rocket to space.
And in the Time, Lala is not enter Earth and not trouble in Earth by Deviluke.
Lala's ancestor : "I is Deviluke's princess, and I is play game."
Captain of the Guard in the time : "You is Deviluke's pricness, I is defense you, princess."
Lala's ancestor's father : "A guard will help you, princess."
Lala's ancestor : "Ok"
Lala's ancestor : "Father, how the night sky's stars?"
Lala's ancestor's father : "Are the stars to glowing, can know the planet's season."
Lala's ancestor : "The stars are good!"
Lala's ancestor refer the captain : "The guard can help me?"
Captain of the Guard in the time : "Yes, I can help you anywhere."
Lala's ancestor : "How you can pick the rocks?"
Captain of the Guard said "Yes", and pick the rock, and to Lala's ancestor.
Captain of the Guard pick rocks : "These are the rocks"
Lala's ancestor : "This rock are good."