Lum : "I want to dance to make popular."
Lum used his youthful body to thank the great.
But is use biniki shirt, not 18+.
Ataru : "This can fascinate the people?"
Lum : "I is strangeness from most of people."
Lum is said : "I is have biniki, and I is kawaii!"
Ataru : "How "biniki means?"
Lum : "..."

---

Lum and Ataru are said, and Lum is first said.
"Ataru, how you is katana?"
"No, I is samurai, not katana, katana is a weapon's name."
"Ataru-san, how I look like, cosplay or my hair are made by plants."
"How cosplay meaning?"
"Cosplay is meaning cose somethings."
"..."
"Ataru-san, how your answer?"
"You is Natsuyasumi." (Ataru originally want said natural, mistake again.)
"..."
"is "Natural, not "Natsuyasumi"."
Lum take her hair and said : "Yes, this is the correct anwser."
"Lum, and more questions to ask me?"
"Ataru-san, How "Sumaho"?"
"Sumaho? "suki mahou" (good magic)?"
"No, is future people's device's name."
Actually the sumaho means smartphone in today.
Lum continue to said.
"How "Animax"?"
"Animax, "兄真楠" (Ani Makusu)?"
"No, is a Japanese anime channel will air in the TV."

---

People are view the dance, and people are strangeness in the plot."
Person A : "The plot is good, and is Toraburu (Trouble)!"
Person B : "This chat are funny, and have a green hair's female."
Person C : "The green hair's girl called "Lum", and her can dengeki."
Ataru : "Speedrun Tokyo, no, is Edo."
Lum : "Ataru-san"
Ataru is jump like Super Mario, but is jump to roof of buildings."
"Ya", Ataru said.
Lum is fastly to Ataru, and Ataru is jump and jump to Lum as Mario jump to Goomba.
After Ataru jump to Lum, and jump to a chimney, like Mario jump pipe.
Ataru is enter a building, and a female in here.
"Ahhh!", the female laugh.
Ataru is use hammer to destory the floor, and enter underground like enter paris catacombs, but this floor is not like catacombs, is regular underground warehouse.
Ataru is found a door, and back to ground, and is jump back to roof of buildings.
Lum is senn Ataru : "Dengeki!", and Lum dengeki to Ataru, and Ataru is jump to avoid the dengeki, and Ataru is make chimney like cannon, like Super Mario 64.
Ataru is put himself to the cannon, and is shoot to far.
"Ahhh"
"Ohhh"
Ataru is found a door, is force dismantle the door, and is stand on the door, and the door is like Kirby's star can fly.
Ataru is drive the door as Kirby drive the star.
But the door broke, and Ataru force fallen.
Ataru is found shoes, and is take the shoes, and dress the shoes to running, and running as Sonic, Sega mascot.
Ataru is run as Sonic, and is in a street run to other street by 1 second.
Ataru is stopped.
Ataru is to end of Tokyo.
Ataru win.
"I want sleep", Ataru is sleep in road.
Lum is fastly to the road to find Ataru.
"Daling", Lum said.
Lum found Ataru.
Lum use dengeki, and said "Dengeki" to Ataru.
"Ahhh!", Ataru is flashed by Lum.

---

Ataru is found a female, and the female is green hair, and now is raining.
The scene like Otonari Tenshi-sama EP1.
Lum is sad, and Ataru is take his umbrella to Lum.
Ataru : "I sent my umbrella to you."
Lum : "A, Ataru-kun."
Ataru is use narrator role said : "I and Lum, first meet is this."
Lum use dengeki to Ataru, and said "I and you first meet is in a street, not raining."
"Ahhh!" Ataru said.
Ataru : "I is acting!"

Person 1 : "How the two people are said, like acting, and the green hair is Lum."
Person 2 : "This is like a Rabukome (Love Comedy)."
Person 3 : "Lum is like tenshi (angel)."
Person 4 : "Ataru is good give umbrella to a girl."

---

Ataru : "How we're to which place?"
Lum : "Pure Illusion"
Ataru : "How "Pure Illusion"?"
Lum : "Pure Illusion is isekai like Europe, but unreal-er."
Ataru : "How enter the world?"
Lum : "use dengeki."
Lum use dengeki, and a Pure Illusion portal is open.
Ataru and Lum are enter the world.

In a world like modern real world.
Cars are driving on the road.
People are take smartphones.
Ataru and Lum are enter bookstore.
Ataru view the book : "Book!"
Lum : "The books are strangeness."
Ataru view a To-LOVE-Ru manga : "The manga is strangeness."
Lum : "Yes"
Ataru view a book, called "Ursei Yatsura", and said : "This book like we're in future."
Lum : "Ok"
Lum is buy the book, and use dengeki in street to open other portal.
Ataru and Lum are enter the portal again.

In a world like Minecraft.
Ataru : "How the world like block."
Lum : "This world is strangeness."
Ataru look a block sheep : "The sheep is strangeness."
Lum look a block cow : "Ataru, the cow is strangeness too."
Ataru and Lum are found a portal frame, and enter the portal.
The world like hell, is called Nether.
Lum is found a ghost shoot fireball, and Lum use dengeki to kill it.
Lum : "Perfect!"
Ataru : "The world like ghost, we're back."
Lum : "Ok"
Lum use dengeki to make new portal.
Ataru and Lum are enter the portal, and they back to real world.