Ataru : "You can use "Pure Illusion" again?"
Lum : "Yes"
Lum use dengeki made Pure Illusion portal again.
Ataru is found the portal is strangeness.
"Ahhh!" A male like Ataru is ride a Minecraft Zombie as human ride horse.
Lum is use dengeki killed the male and zombie, and killed as Minecraft creature death effect.
Ataru and Lum are jump to the portal.
In the world, the legendary wine "The Drops of God" drink by a adult zombie, and the zombie is to smaller and smaller.
Ataru : "I want speedrun."
Lum : "Yes, I will back to real world."
Lum is use portal back to real world.
Ataru is speedrun like SMB1's Mario jump, and Ataru is jump to block, and is show a item like "The Drops of God" and Ataru is take the item to pocket.
Ataru is found a blackstone, and is jump to the blackstone.
"Ahhh!" Ataru is drop to cave.
Ataru is found a pocket like Doraemon, is take item, is mushroom like Super Mario and put back to pocket.
Ataru is jump over the pipe, and is jump to goomba, and to other pipe, and back to overworld.
A goomba is eat a posion mushroom, but is bigger and bigger like Mega Mushroom to Mario in NSMB.
"Ohhhh!" the big goomba is step on to other goomba.
Ataru is take the mushroom from the pocket, and throw to the goomba, and is smaller and smaller.
Ataru is over the big goomba.
"Oh Yeah!", Ataru said.

---

Ataru found a cannon, and Ataru jump to the cannon, and the cannon like NSMB's cannon is to other world.
"Ahhh!", Ataru is to the sky, and is fallen to snow place.
Ataru is found a snowman is eat a green mushroom, and the snowman is clone to two and the cloned snowman as statues cannot move.
Ataru is use shoe step on the two snowman, and RIP the two snowman.
Ataru is in block, but the block open as Minecraft's chest.
"Wow!", Ataru said, and Ataru found a mushroom is green, and put in pocket.
Ataru is use shoe keep by snowman to run, and is running to step the goombas.
"Wow!" Ataru said when Ataru killing goombas.
Ataru is stop by shoe and jump, and viewed Mario, but this Mario as statue cannot move.
Ataru is jump 30 times.
"1"
"2"
"3"
"..."
"26"
"27"
"28"
"29"
"30"
Ataru said the jump : "This is cheat way, this good."
Ataru is use other cheat way is spin 20 times.
"1"
"2"
"3"
"4"
"5"
"..."
"28"
"29"
"30"
Ataru is spin good, and is start other cheat is jump to pipe.
Ataru is jump to the pipe, and a bug is make Ataru to far place.

---

The place is castle.
Here not Bowser, instead is Mecha Sonic.
The Mecha Sonic is have spikes, metal spikes, and robot eyes, red eyes.
Mecha Sonic is like robot not creature.
Ataru is eat green mushroom, and Ataru is spilt to clone Ataru.
Real Ataru is jump to ceiling as ninja.
Ataru is running to the axe's location and fall to the axe.
Mecha Sonic attacks clone Ataru.
Is use spikes, and the clone is not feel hurt, because is appearance like isn't 100% like
Mecha Sonic is fallen to the lava, Ataru win.
But a pipe is in the castle, and Ataru is jump and climb to the pipe.

---

Ataru is spin to castle roof, and Ataru is jump to a fly ship.
The ship is use light speed to a island like Itogami Island, but is floating.
A Robot is flying and the robot is an Eggrobo, and the robot is attack a statue island and it fallen.
Ataru found the robot is attacked the island, and Ataru feel will the robot attack himself.
Ataru is use ball to the robot, and the robot is fallen to the sea.
"Yeah!" Ataru said, and Ataru good.
Ataru count the robot.
"1"
"2"
"3"
"4"
"..."
"198"
"199"
"200"
The robot have 200 units.
Ataru is use spinballs to make the 200 units to fallen to the sea.
"Yeah! Again!", Ataru said.
The sea is can found more and more robots (are Eggrobos), and the robots can make new things
But Ataru not want to the sea.
Ataru is found a dog, and the dog is eat a spike mushroom, but the dog not died.
Is, to bigger.
The big dog is attack a statue, and the statue destory.
Ataru is use spinball to hurt the dog.
Ataru is pick the "The Drops of God" from first time to the world, and pick it to the dog.
The dog is smaller and smaller.
Ataru win.
A portal is open.
Is Lum because Ataru win is make him back real world.
Ataru and Lum are back to real world.
the world's story end.