Here have a space station in far space, in other system farer that Solar System.
Lum is found a ball is get the star's power in the system.
Lum is use spaceship back to the system with Ataru.
The system is Lum's hometown.
Lum's hometown is use UHF and SHF, 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz and 6 GHz are use in wireless communication, but is use 0.00001 ms. 1 ms (a subframe) is can get 100000 times of regular a subframe.
Wireless Emergency Alerts in Lum's hometown is have text message and image.

Ataru : "How the planet's storage way."
Lum : "My hometown have 10YB by 0.1g, equal 1g is 100YB."
Ataru : "how the space station?"
Lum : "Is the spaceship storage DNA, creatures' data."

Lum's hometown's DNA base is in a space station, is have digital DNA data (storage in disk) and physical DNA (storage in base by cold).
The disk in Lum's hometown is regular disk 0.1g can storage 10YB.

Ataru : "The system have DNA data."
Lum : "Yes, here have 10B creatures' DNA data."

Digital DNA data can download by device, is have 10B creatures' DNA data.

Lum : "Like my race, ghost zoku, and my system's creatures, and your DNA."
Ataru : "How my DNA in here?"
Lum : "Is use DNA cloner to clone it."

The DNA data have Lum's race (ghost zoku) and some Lum's hometown's creatures and Ataru's DNA (human DNA).

Lum : "My hometown have a wiki in here."
Ataru : "How the data in here are good."
Lum : "My system is 50B population."
Ataru : "How more?"
Lum : "The wiki is biggest wiki of the system, is 120P pages, have Ghost planet and more data."

Lum's hometown have biggest wiki of the system.
The system have 50B population.
The wiki is have 120P pages, have Ghost planet and the star and Ghost zoku and more data.

◎ Wiki Page
Ghost zoku
-----------
Ghost zoku is a race origin from ghost planet.
Ghost zoku is developed many technologies to the planet.
The race is use the technology to systems, galaxies.

◎ Wiki Page
Ghost Planet
-----------
Ghost planet, ghost zoku living in here, the planet is the capital of ghost zoku.
Ghost planet is developed many technologies to the planet.
The planet is have spaceships, example is DNA Base Spaceship, is a spaceship storage DNA.