--------------------------------
Thunderbolt Soviet Union
Thunderbolt Union
サンターボルト連邦
橵德波特聯盟
Union of Soviet Thunderbolt Republics (USTR) (1923 - )
Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (USSR) (1922 - 1923)
Союз Советских　Цaндирпбoлт Республик (CCЦP)
Sоyuz Sovetskikh Tsanderpbolt Rеslublik
ソビエトサンターボルト共和国連邦 (サン連)
ソユズ・ソビツキック・ツァンダーボルト・リスルーブリク
Sobieto Sandāboruto Kyōwakoku Renpō
蘇維埃橵德波特共和國聯盟 (橵聯)
Sūwéi'āi Sandébōtè Gònghéguó Liánméng
--------------------------------
Capital | Moscow (Москва) (De jure), Beijing (De facto)
Creator | Lenin
Father of the Nation | 凜雪鴉
Region | Europe-Asia
--------------------------------

- History
in 1912, 萬輿 (Qing) spilted to 東離 (North China) and 西幽 (South China), because civil war, and 西幽 get west of Qinling moutains, and 東離 get east of Qinling moutains, and 東離 (Qing) still in Forbidden City, and 西幽 created new imperial palace called 鳳曦宮.
Russian Empire in WW1 lost, and happend three revolutions.
十月革命 : Lenin overwrited 臨時政府.
Thunderbolt Revolution : 凜雪鴉 replaced Lenin by treaty, and thunderboltized the Soviet Union to the Thunderbolt Soviet Union in 1923/01/01 and the hammer & sickle replaced by sword & sickle and the sword is the 天刑劍.
丹衡 and 丹翡 are call 凜雪鴉 and 殤不患, and the 天刑劍 can overwrited the Russian Empire, to get Russian armies to capture 蔑天骸, and captured the 玄鬼宗 in the 七罪塔.
The 窮暮之戰 (Opium War) happend in 1840, and is human (Qing) against the demon (British), and later 萬輿 (Qing) spilted to 東離 and 西幽, and 東離 (North China) capital is Beijing, and 西幽 (South China) capital is Xi'an.
蔑天骸 leaded South China is attacked and get 天刑劍 and attck North China, and North China govermant escape to Russia, and help with Lenin, and is attacked 西幽, and united the China, and rename to Thunderia.
鬼歿之地, known as Qinling moutians. and 魔脊山 (燕山), is the mountain located Manchuria, 東離.
西幽 is in the Chinese war attacked 東離 and Manchuria, united the China. and 西幽 renamed it to the You Dynasty (幽朝). and 幽朝 leader 刑亥 moved to the Forbidden City lead China, and 幽皇 still in 鳳曦宮.
七罪塔 located in Beijing, and 刑亥 lead and make 臨榆's underground fortress to 闇之迷宮, and 幽朝 leader 刑亥's palace is the Forbidden City, and 幽朝皇帝 still 幽皇, but leader changed to 刑亥, and Qing age, the imperial palace is the Forbidden City, and Qing is avoid the govermant dangerous, and found the underground fortress and is make it become underground imperial palace of Qing. and made now called 無界閣's place, the place originally is Qing in like 太和殿 as 皇帝行使權力's place, but in underground, is called "Underground's 太和殿".
The Soviet-Chinese war, the Soviet Union is attacked 幽朝, and the Soviet won, and united China, and created Thunderia Soviet Thunderbolt Republic (Chinese mainland) and Manchuria Soviet Thunderbolt Republic (Manchuria). and the 鳳曦宮, South China's imperial palace, later (after the war) become museum.
Supreme Soviet of the Thunderbolt Union located our timeline's 人民大會堂.
刑亥 created govermant to against the Thunderia govermant, and 闇之迷宮 located 臨榆, and is fortress, and the 無界閣 is a station located 臨榆, is connected 東離與西幽 and 魔界 (Europe) by magic (similar today's metro), and the Europe have stations, have connect to Rome and Moscow and Paris and Berlin, the Europe's underground 路網, and later extented to Asia by 刑亥.
Thunderia govermant enter underground, after 殤不患 use 萬世神伏 make 無界閣 fell to underground, and created underground city and recreated 無界閣.

- Underground
The Thunderbolt Union after recreated 無界閣, and created underground city and called Wujie City and in Moscow underground created Moscow Underground City.
The Thunderbolt Union in underground, <delete>and is made errors to BSOD</delete> and the underground is have cities, and underground Moscow is have palaces.
The Thunderbolt Union travel faster by underground road.

- Travel
Sky is airplane.
Overground is regular rail and high speed rail.
Underground is metro and high speed magic travel.
The Thunderbolt Union airlines have the Thunderbolt Union State Airline Company and S7 Airlines (Siberia Airlines) and (Thunderian) Hainan Airlines.
The Thunderbolt Union rails have the Thunderbolt Union State Rail Company (R&HSR) and Guangshen Railway Company.
The Thunderbolt Union metro & high speed magic travel have the Thunderbolt Union State Metro Company (M&HSMT) and Guangzhou Metro Group and Shenzhen Metro Group.
The Thunderbolt Union State Metro Company have Beijing Subway Operation and Shanghai Shentong Metro and Moscow State Metro and Manchuria Metro and High Speed Magic Travel Bureau.
The Thunderbolt Union's high speed magic travel road :
"
         [Russia]--[Siberia]------|
[Ukraine]-|                 [Manchuria]
                        [Thunderia]-|
                  [South Thunderia]-|
"

- Meme
Animax have a meme: "
ANIMAX《Thunderbolt Fantasy 東離劍遊紀4》
電視：每週一至四 晚間11:30
"
"殤不患 use the 萬世神伏 to destory 無界閣", "條條大路通羅馬, thanks 刑亥 make 條條大路通羅馬 extent to Asia", "條條大路通羅馬 Asia road, Bad News, 殤不患 destoryed 無界閣"
"The Thunderbolt Union in underground is made errors to BSOD"