《Thunderbolt Galaxy 東離(萬輿?)星遊紀》 EP1
After second war, 仙人族 planet is destoryed by 魔族, and 仙人族 enter Earth, 西幽 and 東離 are restored to 萬輿.
萬輿 is united 萬輿 planet by peace, and renamed to 萬輿 Federation, 萬輿 now is one country.

---

凜雪鴉 and 蔑天骸 are election the president of the Federation.
凜雪鴉 : "I will be the superme president of the Federation."
蔑天骸 : "If I win, I is use sword in the president."
A news is speaked : "凜雪鴉 from the Democracy Party, and 蔑天骸 from the Powerful Party."
Finally 凜雪鴉 win the election.
News speaked : "The president of the the Federation is 凜雪鴉, 凜雪鴉 is the hero of the world."
凜雪鴉 in president event said : "I, 凜雪鴉 president, I is enter 魔界 and win the war."
蔑天骸 is losted election : "I lost the election, but you can become the president."

---

凜雪鴉 and 蔑天骸 on 伯陽侯, and have a palace and a ship in here.
凜雪鴉 enter a ship, and said "蔑天骸, in anicent age, humans are use the ship to 魔界."
蔑天骸 said "This story, I know, later human slaved demons to mine gold and magic mineral, and the demons angry, is start 窮暮之戰 to kill humans."
凜雪鴉 and 蔑天骸 are enter ship to view the anicent ship looks, but the ship is dark
蔑天骸 looks anicent drive room : "Here is we're not viewed, to see here!"
凜雪鴉 and 蔑天骸 are enter the drive room, have glass and drive wheel, and a insert hole.
凜雪鴉 take 灼晶劍 mistake insert hole and hand mistaked clicked a purple "O" button, the ship is open and the ship light, and is auto to 魔界.
凜雪鴉 view the ship flying : "how the ship flying? I clicked button."
The ship is flying in slowy and is slow to faster, speed is faster and faster, and the spaceship is fly to the space, and enter the 魔界 planet.

凜雪鴉 : "Here is 魔界 planet.", and the ship to wild of the planet, and 凜雪鴉 said : "here is wild of the planet!"
蔑天骸 pick anicent ship's travel docs, and the docs writing : "The ship clicked the purple "O" button, is travel to 魔界, and the place is have cities, is have many demons."
蔑天骸 view the docs : "The docs is joking."
凜雪鴉 and 蔑天骸 walking, and the wild have 魔界 plants and animals. but the plants are purple instead green, and the green fog in here, here isn't look like a city.
凜雪鴉 : "The planet have magic, is real, and have fruits."
蔑天骸 : "This fruit is unknown, recommend not eat they."
An animal is roaring, and the animal eat fruits.
蔑天骸 use hand refer the animal  and said : "I know the animal to train"
蔑天骸 use red rope and fruit to train the animal.
凜雪鴉 follow 蔑天骸's way to train the animal.
凜雪鴉 and 蔑天骸 are riding the animals to most far.
凜雪鴉 view the glowing, is have building : "Here have city!"
A demon seen the 凜雪鴉, and said : "President, how you is riding animal not use ship come here."
凜雪鴉 take away the animal rope : "I is mistaked insert a sword, and the  ship turn on, and mistake clicked a button, and the ship to wild"
蔑天骸 continue said : "And the ship's travel docs claim heree is city not wild."
The demon said : "The history, on 窮暮之戰, the city is destoryed, and become wild. but the city was human are trade in here."
The demon take a book called "The History of the 魔界".
The book writing : "The demons are in the wild created civilization, and later human take our to other place created city... later the city destoryed by demon on 窮暮之戰."
凜雪鴉 view the book say "The wild was city before 窮暮之戰."
蔑天骸 view the book and said : "I mistaked, the travel docs is real."

---

凜雪鴉 and 蔑天骸 are drive ship back to 萬輿; after the war, some demons is escaped to 魔界's wild or far places or planets.
The 萬輿 system have 萬輿 planet; the Group of 萬輿 Systems have ten systems and one of the systems is Geka System.
Some Demon spaceships are enter the plants: "萬輿 system's Kurohishigeru and Lamketsu and Geka System's Lei and Nunpale and Kanrakav and Sparun", are undeveloped planets.
萬輿 system's Kurohishigeru, a group of the demon spaceship enter a place, and the place Youryaleeslania named after the demon ヨウリャ・リスラン (Youryaleeslan), and the demon is 妖荼黎 (ヨウジャレイ)'s 遠親.
after 窮暮之戰, before second war, and demons are attack 人界, and human-allied demons are support human, is have demontown in 人界, and famous is Colony of 魔界's leader 凜闇暮 and Colony of 魔界's Demon Representor Dakarei Jar Devampor created Devampor City.
凜闇暮's grandfather's another brother's 後代 is 凜雪鴉 and Dakarei Jar Devampor's 後代 is Yudazta Jar Devampor (now Devampor City mayor).
Colony of 魔界's leader 凜闇暮 (is human) enter the 魔界 and created a city, and Dakarei Jar Devampor become Colony of 魔界's Demon Representor, but a war, is escaped to human world, and demon world's city destoryed.

---

Colony of 魔界 history, 凜闇暮 and 仙人族 build ship to a planet, and a planet is have many magic source, and the planet have a creature like human, and the creature called demon, and enter a wild place of 魔界.
凜闇暮 looks purple plants and green fog : "Here have purple plants and animals rour in here, and we're sent materials from ship to built city."
People are said : "Yeah!"
凜闇暮 and people spend 10 days built the town with 25 buildings.
凜闇暮 and people are to outside of the town to call demons to the town.
凜闇暮 meet a demon named Dakarei Jar Devampor, and called demons from the world to the town.
凜闇暮 created the Colony of 魔界, and 凜闇暮 in Palace of 魔界 celebrate the colony created.
In Plaza of 魔界, 凜闇暮 and Devampor are made events of 魔界.
But a demon want kick human, and a war is started, and the demon united other demons to attack the palace, and Humans and some human-allied demons are enter the ship to escape the world.
the ship is finally back to 萬輿; Demons are destoryed the human city.

---

In Youryaleeslania, Kurohishigeru, and the demons are follow the old history to against human.
The demons are follow "Against human and Devampor!" and "Our Demon Empire will be rule the human world."
The demons are eat local animals by teeth, and a demon is tastly greatly.
The demons are still have old empire's flag and govermant type, and hate humans.
The demons have cities on Youryaleeslania.