In Tokabu planet
Kaiji and people are gambling in the planet.
Person A : "I will win the battle!"
Person B : "Is I win."
Person A use king, and Person B use civilian, and Person A win.
Kaiji : "gambling are great."
People : "Yeah!!! Gambling!"
Here is have other planets' people to gambling, 凜雪鴉 and Ruri planet people.
凜雪鴉 view the gambling desk : "Here is your planet, I want gambling."
Kaiji listen 凜雪鴉 want gambling, and said : "Yes". 
Kaiji : view 凜雪鴉 and said : "The person, gambling is ..."
凜雪鴉 seen the desk : "I want try it!"
The gambling battle is 凜雪鴉 against Kaiji by poker, and who is win?
凜雪鴉 is use king, and Kaiji use civilian, and 凜雪鴉 won.
凜雪鴉 win and said : "Yeah!"
凜雪鴉 is use queen, and Kaiji use king, and both draw.
凜雪鴉 is use civilian, and Kaiji use poor person, and Kaiji win.
Kaiji : win and said : "Yeah! I is get one point."
凜雪鴉 is use poor person, and Kaiji use king, and 凜雪鴉 win.
凜雪鴉 win and said : "Oh Yes!"
凜雪鴉 is use queen, and Kaiji use civilian, and 凜雪鴉 win.
凜雪鴉 win and said : "Oh Yes!"
Kaiji lost and said : "How I is only get one points."
The battle after few minutes, is 凜雪鴉 vs Kaiji is 8:5.
凜雪鴉 win and said : "Oh Yes!"
凜雪鴉 is use jack, and Kaiji use eight, and 凜雪鴉 win.
凜雪鴉 win and said : "Oh My! one point to win!"
凜雪鴉 is use five, and Kaiji use six, and Kaiji win.
凜雪鴉 lost and said : "Oh No! I is use five, bu Kaiji use six."
Kaiji win and said : "Haha, I is six points."
凜雪鴉 is use ten, and Kaiji use one, and 凜雪鴉 win.
凜雪鴉 win and said : "Oh Yeah! I is win the battle."
Kaiji lost and saud : "I lost the battle"
The battle finally is 凜雪鴉 vs Kaiji are 10:6.

---

Kaiji is intro the gambling on the planet : "The preisdent is get by gambling battle, is a battle called the "Tobakuian Preisdent Compete", is poker game to compete. and I want become president."
Kaiji is meet with a female, and the female is quicky in gambling, and the female have blue long hair, and the female name is Toshiko.
Referee : "The First Tobakuian Preisdent Compete final compete is Itou Kanji against Nakagawa Toshiko. One is amazing intelligence and observation skills. Another one is poker can quicky put."
Kaiji is use queen, and Toshiko use civilian, and Kaiji win.
Toshiko lost and said : "Oh my quick! I quick is lost with Kaiji."
Kaiji laughs said : "I win."
Kaiji is use civilian, and Toshiko use king, and Toshiko win.
Kaiji is use jack, and Toshiko use one, and Kaiji win.
Kaiji happy said : "Great."
Kaiji is use king, and Toshiko use queen, and both draw.
Toshiko win and said : "Yes, I first win the poker in the round"
Kaiji is use jack, and Toshiko use one, and Kaiji win.
Kaiji laughs said : "Oh yes."
Kaiji is use five, and Toshiko use six, and Toshiko win.
The battle after 25 minutes.
Referee : "Toshiko win, Kaiji vs Toshiko is 45:32."
Kaiji is use three, and Toshiko use four, and Toshiko win.
Kaiji is use six, and Toshiko use four, and Kaiji win.
Kaiji laughs said : "I win."
Kaiji is use three, and Toshiko use two, and Kaiji win.
Kaiji happy said : "Great."
People are laugh : "Kaiji, Kaiji!"
Kaiji is use seven, and Toshiko use three, and Kaiji win.
Kaiji is use six, and Toshiko use three, and Toshiko win.
Kaiji is use one, and Toshiko use six, and Toshiko win.
Toshiko win and said : "Yes, I first win the poker in the round"
Kaiji is use four, and Toshiko use two, and Kaiji win.
Kaiji happy said : "Great."
Kaiji is use three, and Toshiko use eight, and Toshiko win.
People are laugh : "Toshiko, Toshiko!"
Kaiji is use six, and Toshiko use nine, and Toshiko win.
Kaiji is use eight, and Toshiko use six, and Kaiji win.
25 minutes after.
Referee : "Kaiji win, Kaiji vs Toshiko is 95:62."
Kaiji is use five, and Toshiko use eight, and Toshiko win.
Kaiji is use six, and Toshiko use seven, and Toshiko win.
Kaiji is use eight, and Toshiko use six, and Kaiji win.
Kaiji laughs said : "I win."
Kaiji is use four, and Toshiko use two, and Kaiji win.
Toshiko lost and said : "Oh no, I lost again."
Kaiji is use seven, and Toshiko use three, and Kaiji win.
Kaiji laughs said : "I win."
Kaiji is use three, and Toshiko use eight, and Toshiko win.
Kaiji is use six, and Toshiko use four, and Kaiji win.
Kaiji is use three, and Toshiko use six, and Kaiji win.
Referee : "Kaiji win the compete, Kaiji vs Toshiko is 100:62."
Kaiji laughs said : "I win the battle."
Toshiko lost and said : "Oh no, I lost the president battle."
Finally Kaiji become president and Toshiko become vice-president.