《Thunderbolt Galaxy 東離(萬輿?)星遊紀》 EP3 - Demon's City
In Youryaleeslania, Kurohishigeru, and the demons are follow the old history to against human.
The demons are follow "Against human and Devampor!" and "Our Demon Empire will be rule the human world."
Demon A : "Yeah!"
Demon B : "We're strong later to defeat the humans to give back the planets."
Demon C : "Yeah!"
The demons are eat local animals by teeth, and a demon is tastly greatly.
The demons are still have old empire's flag and govermant type, and hate humans.
The demons have cities on Youryaleeslania.

---

In near Youryaleeslania, and goblins are tame lions, and drive the lions to Youryaleeslania.
Goblin : "Here have a city."
Other goblin : "Wow!"
Youryaleeslania's armies found the lions enter the city, and is near and near.
Youryaleeslania's armies use gun killed the lions.
The demons are take the fur of the lions in outside Youryaleeslania.
Demon : "Lion fur and goblin fur!"
Another demon : "Yes"
Demon A : "Take the fur to make coar!"
Demon B : "Yes."
Demon B take the furs to the factory to make the coar.

In a fur factory
Demon is use the fur enter the machines making fur.
After the "Ahh..." sound from machines, the machine maked the lion and goblin furs to coar.
Demon 1 : "This coar is good."
Demon 1 wear the coar, and said : "This coar is good."
The demon is sell the coars by the factory.
Seller 1 : "The coar is made by lion and goblin."
Demon staff of the factory view the coar : "Yes"
Seller 2 : "Originally fur is made by plant, not animal, but now is made by animal."
Demon staff : "Yes"
Sellers are ride horse take the coar to store.
Store staffs are take coar to paints oil, and the coars can sell to anyone.
Sellers 3 ride horse view everybody : "Goodbye, we're to Bus-Take-Top store to sell coars." and later is to the store.

---

In cave, Demon mine iron ore, and get iron, and the mineral is goblin mine.
Demon is found a goblin city, and is attack the city.
Demon commander : "The city possblie have many materials."
Demon attack the city, and goblin lose the war.
Demon get gold and bismuth from goblin.
Demon A take the gold and bismuth to boxs : "Hahaha, the gold and bismuth will be mine."
Demon B take boxs to car : "Yeah!" and is drive the car back to Youryaleeslania.
Goblin A view the stealed materials : "Oh no!!! the gold and bismuth steal by the demons."
Goblin B : "Because they is strong that our."
Goblin A view the gold and bismuth stealed by demons : "Yes, later our strong that demons, is take back the materials."

Demon melt the gold and bismuth to made awards.
Demon have bismuth bars in underground safe.
In safe, Demons are view the bismuth bars
Demon 1 view the new bismuth : Here have new bismuth in here
Demon 2 repliy : Yes, is from the goblins.
Bismuth rare that gold in Kurohishigeru, is 1 Bismuth : 500 Gold.
In Youryaleeslania, an unit of Youryaleeslania currency equal 0.005 ounce of gold.
A bread is 5 units and the bread is basic bread, and a basic salary per month in the Youryaleeslania is 250 units, in govermant working and most low per month is 500 units.
An unit of the Youryaleeslania currency is 5 cents of 萬輿. and 萬輿 dollar equal 0.1 ounce of gold. and 萬輿 currency is 1 dollar : 100 cents.
Monetary unit of Youryaleeslania currency is "unit", and fractional unit of Youryaleeslania currency is "pon", is 1 unit : 100 pons.
In Youryaleeslania, Zinc is 10 pons per ounce, smallest of the circulating denominations of Youryaleeslania is 10 pons, made by zinc.
The circulating denominations of Youryaleeslania in smallest to biggest is "Coin : 10 pons and 50 pons and 1 unit and 5 units and 10 units and 50 units and 100 units and 500 units" and Paper money : 1000 units and 5000 units and 10000 units".
In Youryaleeslania, ads have defense country, and take back the country, and scams, and scams is about sun ball ads is writing tennis, and famous scam sun ads is "A tennis genuis join the team..."
The scam companies in sun ads is use the ads to call people to buy sun balls (actually a zinc ball is overwrited by gold leaf), and cost is 500 units and creation cost per ball is 5 units and is remuneration is sell one ball is can earn 490 units.
Some demons are join the scam companies, and most low salary per month in the companies is 2500 units.
Some demons are use sun balls to play tennis.
Govermant of Youryaleeslania because scam companies made the balls to get money, and govermant is use cost 250 units to sell sun balls, and govermant is get more money, and companies is changed to 100 units, and govermant changed to 50 units, and company changed to 25 units, and finally gold ball is 25 units in govermant and companies.
Company staff A : "The sun ball still can get more money, but money is less and less."
Company staff B : "Is because govermant, is force we make price lower."
Govermant offical A : "I want enter the sun ball cheaper that company."
Govermant offical B : "Yes"
Company staff A : "Because you is cheaper that our, and we're is price is cheaper."
Govermant offical A : "The sun ball is later is cheaper and cheaper."
Company staff B : "The sun ball is earn same units is sell more and more."
Govermant offical A : "Yes"