《Thunderbolt Galaxy 東離(萬輿?)星遊紀》 EP4 - In the Witch World
凜雪鴉 and 蔑天骸 found a planet have magic, is looks like other civilization, and the magic civilization is use magic.
Majo have a familiar (使魔), and the familiar is ghost, and here have a person, called Nico Wakatsuki, and the familiar is Morihito Otogi.

---

凜雪鴉 drive the spaceship enter a planet, looks is a terra-like planet.
The spaceship fallen to the planet, the street like 2020s Japan, and 蔑天骸 said "Here is magic planet, but here like 2020s Japan street, but here have magic in here."
凜雪鴉 view Nico in the house door : "Here have a female, you is Nico?"
Nico reply : "Yes, I is Nico."
蔑天骸 : "How the magic usage?"
Nico reply : "I is use magic to help people, I is troubling with magic."
Morihito view 凜雪鴉 stand on left and 蔑天骸 stand right : "How the two person? left one is 萬輿's president, right I not know."
凜雪鴉 : "I is the president called 凜雪鴉."
蔑天骸 : "I is 蔑天骸, I was election compete with 凜雪鴉 to get president."
Nico : "My planet have spaceship, I is pink, and the spaceship is use magic to drive."
Nico and Morihito are enter the spaceship, and Nico drive the spaceship to the sky.
凜雪鴉 view the spaceship can to fly : "The spaceship can fly, how the spaceship can to the space?"
Nico reply : "Yes", and Nico drive the spaceship to space.
Morihito view the space : "Here is the space."
Nico reply : "Yes"
Nico : "We're will back to is have spaceship."
Nico said : "Everyonethe planet!"
Morihito reply : "yes"
Nico drive the spaceship fall to Morihito's home's garden.
凜雪鴉 view the spaceship : "The spaceship can back to the planet."
Nico reply : "Yes"
蔑天骸 : "The planet , you are want to the home, now is lunch."
Everyone : "Yes"

---

In Morihito's home, Nico cook foods, this food like noodles.
凜雪鴉 view the noodles : "This is which noodles?"
Morihito reply : "Is I want eat's noodles."
凜雪鴉 : "The noodles are good."
蔑天骸 : "Here can use magic making noodles."
Nico reply : "Yes"
凜雪鴉 said to Nico : "You're mahoushojo?"
Nico reply 凜雪鴉 : "No, I is majo, not mahoushojo."
凜雪鴉 reply to Nico : "How majo?"
Nico reply : "Majo meanings "witch". My planet is like other planet is use magic's witch, and this planet's witch is have familiar."
Morihito said : "Yes, I is Nico's familiar, Nico is my childhood friend."
凜雪鴉 : "Here have demon?"
Nico reply : "No, there is not like your howntown have demon."
蔑天骸 : "Here have goblin?"
Nico reply : "No, there isn't Goblin Killer planet, here is Witch Watch planet."
蔑天骸 : "Here have Gambling?"
Nico reply : "No, there isn't Kaiji's planet, here is a planet not gambling. Is magic planet."
凜雪鴉 : "Here have magic?"
Nico reply : "Yes, there is like your howntown have magic. but your planet is mainly sword, my planet mainly magic."

---

Toshiko, the vice-president of Tobaku planet, is use spaceship enter Witch Watch planet.
Toshiko open the spaceship gate, and said to Nico : "Here is magic planet?"
Nico reply : "Yes, Here just is have vistors, is 萬輿's president 凜雪鴉 and 蔑天骸."
Toshiko said to Nico : "The two people are enter my planet to view the president compete battle."
Nico reply : "How the president how to election?"
Toshiko reply : "Here isn't election, is battle is person battle other person, and battle to the final round, the final round's winner is president, is Ito Kaiji, and the loser is vice-president."
Nico reply : "Here isn't like most human planet is election to win leader."
Toshiko reply : "Yes"
凜雪鴉 view Toshiko, her very cute and blue hair female : "Toshiko, how you are in here?"
Toshiko reply : "I want travel to a magic planet, and I choosed the Witch Watch planet."
蔑天骸 : "This planet is have not gambling."
Toshiko reply : "I know, I is checked here not gambling."
Nico view the blue hair female Toshiko : "Your planet have magic and majo, My planet have magic and majo. and majo have a familiar."
Toshiko reply : "My planet haven't magic, but Majo?"
Nico reply : "Majo meaning "mahousho...", here have mistake, is meaning witch."
Toshiko reply : "My planet not witch, your planet called witch as "majo"."
Nico reply : "Tobaku planet is gambling, where to use magic."
Toshiko : "Yes, in my planet is not magic, is mainly gambling."

---

Nico is use magic map, and is show the map is a location is Morihito's home : "Here is Tokyo, named after Japan captial Tokyo, here have 2020s-like cities and the Tokyo is a town located near "Montagne de Glace" (English : "Glace Moutain", Japanese : "Gurasu Yama"), the mountain like Fuji Mountain, is in near here's plain created Tokyo-like city, and named it Tokyo."
Morihito : "The map have the planet's capital, called "Capitale Magiqueland" (Kyapitaru Magikuurando), the name is magic planets's general name, in outside the planet commonly called "Witch Watch Magiqueland" or "Witwat Magiqueland" (short)."
凜雪鴉 view the map is have a demon city : "Here is have a demontown and goblintown, and demontown in "Rouge Island" (Rouga Shima), and goblintown in "Aozawa Grise Moutain"."
Tokyo on the planet's history is "Human copy streets of Kabukichou and Takeshita Street and Akihabara to the city, and some demons and goblins and magicans are enter the streets of Tokyo. and here is a Japantown"
Capitale Magiqueland on the planet's history is "Human landed to a plain today called Capitale Magiqueland, and make city in here, and have Central District and West District and Mountain District and Forest District and Paris District, and Paris District named after Paris, and the city is follow Paris, and is a Paris-like city, is a Francetown in here."
Nico is drive spaceship to Capitale Magiqueland.
Capitale Magiqueland, the town is use magic, and the magic town in here, and have a tower called "Tower of Capitale Magiqueland", and here is a sightseeing, and have many people in here.
Nico view the town, and the tower core on central is purple, and say : "The Purple core is good, is use magic to light."
凜雪鴉 : "The magic town is light by magic, and thw town are good."

---

凜雪鴉 and 蔑天骸 and Nico and Morihito and Toshiko are in Nico's spaceship
Nico view the screen, and said : "Here have a planet, the planet is mine mineral to living."
Morihito view the screen, and the name is "Ruri" : "The planet, is called Ruri! I is see the screen writing it called Ruri."
Nico reply : "Here is a terra-like planet, this is haven't magic."
凜雪鴉 reply : "Here not magic, but here have demon?"
Nico reply : "No"
蔑天骸 reply : "How here have goblin?"
Nico reply : "No, here is human are mine minerals from planets and asteroids, not goblin mine the minerals."
Nico open the spaceship to space, and the spaceship enter the space.