《Thunderbolt Galaxy 東離(萬輿?)星遊紀》 EP5 - Rurians Are Mine the Minerals
Nico drive her spaceship with 凜雪鴉 and 蔑天骸, and found a terra-like planet, the planet most is use high technology mine, but sometimes, people is manual mine minerals.
The planet have a civilization, is have spaceship in the system to mine asteroids and Ruri planet and other rocky planets.

Ruri (Introduction to Mineralogy (for Earth's European-American (western))) planet, have crystal, The planet should called "Nagi" planet, but an accident is called "Ruri" planet, full name is "Mineralogy Ruri" planet and civilization.
Ruri civilization mine crystals in asteroids, and in planets mine garnet and pyrite, and Rurians are mine in Ruri planet and Hanzou planet (other planet in Ruri System), and Hanzou planet have garnet.

Spaceship mines minerals from the cave of Hanzou planet, and staff said : "The garnet mineral is use drill mine, and the garnet is big mineral, and is sell to civilizations."
Another staff : "Yes"

Nico drive the spaceship to the space to Ruri planet, and fallen to the planet.
Rurian person : "Nico, you is from a magic world?"
Nico : "Yes"
Rurian person : "How the planet name "Ruri" origin?"
Nico : "Is here have ruri mineral?"
Rurian person : "No, is named after a shoujo name Tanigawa Ruri."
Nico : "The planet is named after a female."
Morihito : "How the planet have mine?"
Rurian person : "The planet currently less mine, is maunal mine by people."
Morihito : "How here have more mine?"
Rurian person : "In astroids and other planets."
凜雪鴉 : "How here have demon?"
Rurian person : "No, here have human and less animals and plants only."
蔑天骸 : "How the planet have goblin?"
Rurian person : "No, the planet is not have goblins in here."
凜雪鴉 said : "How the planet's history?"
Rurian person open the book : "In a time ago, human enter the plant later called Ruri planet is a terra planet, but different is the planet is more minerals that Earth, and ground have minerals to mine."
凜雪鴉 : "How the more history?"
Rurian person sent book to 凜雪鴉 and the book writing : "The people are found minerals in here, but here not other human and animals, and is make here like earth, is put animals and build human buildings in here."
凜雪鴉 : "Wow, the person is in the planet make Earth-like culture!"
Rurian person : "Yes, here is like Earth."
凜雪鴉 later view the book writing : "The Rurians later to a planet, is called Hanzou planet, is follow Ruri planet's way, but is try make demons and goblins to here. and is sucess, and here have demontowns and goblintowns."
Morihito : "Here I not feel magic."
Rurian person : "Yes, here not magic, but Witch Watch planet's Nico from a magic planet, is have magic, here is wonderful!"
凜雪鴉 : "In here is wonderful, but in Witch Watch planet or our planet is normal."

---

凜雪鴉 view a cave mine : "Here have a mine!"
Rurian person : "This is Kantou Masuto Rai Mine, Here is goodbye to you!"
凜雪鴉 and 蔑天骸 and Toshiko and Nico and Morihito are goodbye to the person to the mine.

In the cave, 凜雪鴉 view the staffs of the mine.
Mine staff : "凜雪鴉 President, welcome you to the mine, the mine is look good."
凜雪鴉 : "Yes"
Mine staff : "I is Akio, people called me as "Parashou Akio", full world name is Akio Parashou Kouzan, Kouzan in the planet is 1st surname, Akio is 2nd name of the planet. because the planet is more and more people have same name, and is added middle name to repiar the problem."
凜雪鴉 reply : "How your role?"
Parashou Akio : "I is mine garnet and pyrite to get money."
凜雪鴉 said : "How you is can use magic to mine minerals?"
Parashou Akio : "Not, I is use machine to mine minerals, the planet not magic anywhere."
凜雪鴉 : "I is know the planet is not magic, but you is can get magic from outside the planet to mine."
Parashou Akio : "No"
Parashou Akio is mine minerals by drill, and said : "The drill are good, and the drill exported from Witch Watch planet."

The planet's surname ratings : Kouzan in the planet is 1st surname and 2nd is "Mynne" and 3rd is "Kotou" (鉱藤, is derived surname of Fujiwara) and 4st is "Mein" and 5st is "Mine" and 6st is "Shi".
The planet's name ratings : 1st is "Mineman" and 2nd is "Akio" and 3rd is "Bijou" and 4st is "Gisela" and 5st is "Kohaku" and 6st is "Ruri".
Famous miners of the planet, and have "Mynne Gak Gisela" and "Kotou Jara Mineman" and "Kotou Nara Sakuraou" and "Mynne Gak Mineman" and "Mein Geak Tapak".

蔑天骸 view the dark cave : "The cave is far and far is dark, and here have goblin?"
Parashou Akio : "Yes, but the goblin is not attack human, is working for the minerals to mine."
Parashou Akio is said again : "The cave have demon, is like goblin, is working for the minerals."
蔑天骸 seek a goblin, and the goblin said : "I is a goblin, my name is "Sakan Gah Youh", and I is mine the planet's minerals to make money."
Sakan Gah Youh : "I is a goblin from a planet, and I is want work, and I is to this planet's cave."
凜雪鴉 seek a demon, and the demon said : "I is a demon, I is "Harak Paon Shuan", and I is mine the planet's minerals to make money."
Harak Paon Shuan : "I is a demon from a demon planet, and I is found a working about minerals, and I is mine minerals now."
蔑天骸 and 蔑天骸 are view the cave, and are good, and they are leave here to other planet.

---

The screen is turn to black, and later is show in graduate school, is in Ruri planet's Japan, the planet's Japan share name with Earth's Japan.
Many danmakus are in left to right, and have "How the screen dark?", "How after 蔑天骸 view the dark cave?".
The screen show visual novel dialogue box by japanese in characters saids.
A female say : "Welcome to the graduate school."
蔑天骸 say : "How are you?"
The female say : "I is Arato Nagi."
Arato Nagi take a pen said : "I is can teach you for the knowledge."
Screen show three buttons are : "Ok", "No", "Sorry I is want quit it."
蔑天骸 say : "Ok"
A danmaku show is "Oh my! the minerals will teach to 蔑天骸."
Arato Nagi : "How Iron (Fe) + Water (H2O) + Oxygen (O2)?"
Screen show three buttons are : "To rust", "To silver", "To gold"
many danmakus are show the answer : "To rust"
蔑天骸 say : "To rust"
Arato Nagi : "You are right, the answer is to rust."
Arato Nagi : "How Iron (Fe) + Carbon (C)?"
Screen show three buttons are : "To magnetite", "To steel", "To netherite"
many danmakus are show the answer : "To steel"
蔑天骸 say : "To steel"
Arato Nagi : "You are right, the answer is to steel."
The time now is 02:30, but 蔑天骸 need wait.
A danmaku is float to the screen, is time "10:00".
蔑天骸 click the button 10:00, the time skipped to 10:00.
Arato Nagi : "You are right, the answer is diamond."
Arato Nagi : "The game is end, and score is"
"100", Arato Nagi said.
"time is 9:58.", Arato Nagi said.
蔑天骸 is happy in the time, but him skipped time by a danmaku.
The dialogue box switched to subtitle by chinese.

蔑天骸 : "Oh yeah!"
蔑天骸 view the subtitle, is chinese, not japanese : "How the box turns to subtitle with chinese?"
Arato Nagi reply : "The subtitle is Chinese's reasons, is the test end."
蔑天骸 : "Oh yeah!"
凜雪鴉 come to the room, and said : "How you are doing?"
蔑天骸 : "I is play a test with Arato Nagi."
Arato Nagi : "Is me"
凜雪鴉 : "How the test doing?"
Arato Nagi reply : "The test is mineral test."
A danmaku is flying, and is "Oh yeah, you saved me."
凜雪鴉 and 蔑天骸 are grasp the danmaku, and is away the graduate school.
凜雪鴉 : "I is in the sky."
蔑天骸 : "How I grasped the danmaku, the danmaku is fly to the sky."
The danmaku to space, and a planet is show, 凜雪鴉 said "The planet is a terra planet."
蔑天骸 : "Yes."

凜雪鴉 and 蔑天骸 are to a planet, coming soon!