<EP1> - New Start
After second war, 仙人族 planet is destoryed by 魔族, and 仙人族 enter Earth, 西幽 and 東離 are restored to 萬輿.
萬輿 is united 萬輿 planet by peace, and renamed to 萬輿 Federation, 萬輿 now is one country.

<EP2> - Gambling
A planet is working gambling, is called Tobaku planet, and here have a person called Kaiji want become the president of the planet.
But is final round, have a rival called Toshiko, her want become the president, Kaiji not want lose the battle.

<EP3> - Demon's City
In Youryaleeslania, Kurohishigeru, and the demons are follow the old history to against human.
The demons are follow "Against human and Devampor!" and "Our Demon Empire will be rule the human world."

<EP4> - In the Witch World
凜雪鴉 and 蔑天骸 found a planet have magic, is looks like other civilization, and a female majo (witch) in here.
The majo is Nico, Nico is use magic, the planet like 2020s' Earth, the planet have spaceships use magic to drive, example is Nico drive's spaceship, it is pink.

<EP5> - Rurians Are Mine the Minerals
Nico drive her spaceship with 凜雪鴉 and 蔑天骸, and found a terra-like planet, the planet most is use high technology mine, but sometimes, people is manual mine minerals.
The planet have a civilization, is have spaceship in the system to mine asteroids and Ruri planet and other rocky planets.

<EP5.5> - "Arato Nagi's Test" - Full Version
Arato Nagi is test to 蔑天骸, and 蔑天骸 is test the answers, and all are win.

<EP6> - Baddy Daddies planet
You know Deviluke's Golden Darkness, here is have like her role killer, here have a killer civilization, called Baddy Daddies civilization.
來栖一騎 and 諏訪零 are entrust killers in many planets, and is help killed some evil people, the leader of "Exile Govermant of Demons on Sayor-Jan Spaceship" and "Shadows Demon Govermant" on Shadows House planet.

<EP7> - The Tennis Effect (Bandwagon Effect)
Recently planets are popularity play tennis, are have many tennis prodigies joins many prestigious school teams, this are Bandwagon Effect, example is a working planet and an isekai planet.
A working planet's tennis prodigiy is in the planet's south pole created tennis courts, An isekai planet is a person in royal park created tennis courts open people to the courts.

<EP8> - The Tennis Effect Again, But Is in Alchemy
Recently many planet's male peoples are "accident" call to an isekai civilization, is an alchemy civilization and the males are get alchemy abilities, example is another isekai planet and a kart planet.
Another isekai planet's male originally is a offical of the country and get alchemy abilities, and a kart planet's male is originally is use kart to race, but him get alchemy abilities, and is make the planet added kart lanes.

<EP9> - Galaxy Tennis Compete
Planets are popularity play tennis because tennis popularity, and the galaxy represents is because popularity is start the compete.
The galaxy is called Razchemin, is a civilization capital is Razchemin System's Razchemin planet. and the planet speaks chinese, Razchemin planet name in the language is "Lazichemin"
The Razchemin's chinese is roman chinese different Earth's 2020s Chinese, the compete in the planet called "Xingxi Tienishi Caitale", and called Tennis as "Tienishi".

<EP10> - Govermant is Take Money and Govermant End
In Youryaleeslania, and because "sun balls" get money's companies, govermant army is take the money and gold and bismuths to country safe.
Govermant is make the companies' CEO and staffs closed to prisons, and govermant is remember Sayor-Jan Spaceship's govermant on Demon planet and Shadows House planet's leaders are killed by killers
The govermant made rocket to destory the killer civilization, but 萬輿 govermant is take the weapon to stop working, and is found the planet, and attack the Youryaleeslania's demon govermant, and 萬輿 govermant win.

<Chapter II - EP11> - New Start, Again
萬輿 govermant win the war, and the Youryaleeslania's demon govermant surrendered, and demons are happy, and the prisons are released.
Demons are remove the demon buildings on the Youryaleeslania, and sent back gold and bismuth to goblin, and goblin are good, and is goblin get demon keep's technology and spaceships, and goblin is in stone age to space age.
Goblin are enter the Youryaleeslania's keeped buildings and enter the building, and created new city hall and spaceport, and goblin are happy, and is created plaza in the Youryaleeslania center.
Demons are back to Demon planet, and demons are happy in the original planet.

<Chapter II - EP12> - The Witch World Will Meet with Fairy
Nico's planet, and the Leader of the planet will meet with a fairy kingdom's king, him name is Marumo, and the kingdom called "Muglox Kingdom", and the fairy called "muglox", sometimes called fairy or yousei.
A muglox prince come here, him is Mirumo, and Marumo is make mugloxs are enter here. and is in 2000 AD, yousei in anicent age, and not space travel, and yousei in the planet after nuclear war, is back to stone age, but later found magic.

<Chapter II - EP13> - Muglox History I
Muglox anicent age, a king called Arumo, Arumo created first kingdom of muglox planet and the time is 1 YC (Yousei Calendar) as 1201 AD, Yousei life is 100 years.
Muglox are created cities in the world, and war spilted the kingdom to many kingdoms.
In 500 YC, youseis are war, and here have Orumo king and Bonnecarte king, and Necarte kingdom use nuclear weapon destoryed the muglox planet, and Orumo and youseis are escaped to a island, later called L'aube de Dieu (Aabu De Dai), and in the island is found Gaia Zoku, is the island and planet's god.
The continent of Ancien Monde (Anshinmondo) was Arumo created the first kingdom's place, later nuke destoryed the continent, and is have 300 years' dark age of the continent, and youseis are living in volcano, the volcano formerly is old city.
In 750 YC, Gaia Zoku because time travel by humans, make yousei angry, and Gaia Zoku is try destory the world make doom, but because magic wand is stopped, and make the volcano to a dessert mountain in continent, in L'aube de Dieu have another dessert mountain.

<Chapter II - EP14> - Muglox History II
After the volcano to a dessert mountain, In L'aube de Dieu, population is 10 times of before doom, and some yousei moved to Ancien Monde, and the L'aube de Dieu have indigenous before nuclear war, and in 800 YC, muglox created cities, and make magic civilization and technology.
In 1000 YC, the yousei race offically called muglox, and muglox are developed teleport technology and spaceships, and later now is a magic civilization, and the spaceship can teleport to planets.

<Chapter II - EP15> - Deviluke Planet
A civilization is ruled by royal, is Deviluke planet, and daughters are pink hair's females, and the three females are called Lala and Nana and Momo.
The civilization have come to Earth, and now is with other planets offically, and the female royals are have tails, is black tails.