Animax is a channel at most in 1985 launched on Taiwan and Hong Kong, and is play Japan animes.
Animax aired  <removed> Hearts of Iron 4 and Minecraft and GTA4 and Sakura School Simulator, and</removed> Urusei Yatsura and Black Clover.

<removed>Animax is Plants vs. Zombie's original author, prototype is </removed> 黑色五葉草, is a magic anime, is human against demon. <removed>Later the game originally based of Black Clover, but license problem, is humans replaced by plants, and demons replaced by demons."
<removed>Animax is Sakura School Simulator's original author, prototype is </removed> 愚蠢天使與惡魔共舞, is school love, and is in japan, <removed>but the game not mainly love, and added</removed> 紅戰士在異世界成了冒險者, is a battle anime in the isekai.<removed> is added some the anime's elements to the game, and the first version of the game released.</removed>

-<Aired Animes>-

 黑色五葉草
At most in 1985 appear and in Animax Taiwan air a round, may be original anime, the story originally settinged 2017, in 1985, 2017 is future world, and author is setting future is magic world (possblily is nuclear war), and the war human against demon is human win.
Later the anime adopted to manga by 田畠裕基, and the 2017 anime is in 2017/10/03 (As 黑色五葉草 happend's first year) air in TV Tokyo, adopted by manga instead old anime.

 她來自煩星
她來自煩星 is a 1981 anime, and adopted by the manga "福星小子", and Animax Taiwan in at most 1985 aired 她來自煩星.
The anime is not become lost media, and dub cast are known 諸星當 is 古川登志夫 and 拉姆 is 平野文.

 紅戰士在異世界成了冒險者
紅戰士在異世界成了冒險者 at most 1985 in Animax Taiwan air a round, 羈絆紅戰士 attack with 絕緣王, and the 戰士 enter an isekai, and is an isekai and rangers hero story.

 我推的孩子
我推的孩子 is a 復仇 original anime at most a round aired in Animax Hong Kong in 1985, 阿奎亞與露比 is enter they 出生之地 宮崎 when 吾郎 past living here, and later 吾郎屍首也已尋獲 and 復仇 end.
Later 2020 manga (adopted from the old anime) (famous manga version by 赤坂明（赤坂アカ）原作、橫槍萌果（横槍メンゴ）作畫) is extend plot and later the manga adopted to anime, is 星野愛 fan's 雨宮吾郎, is found a 孕婦, and the 孕婦 is 星野愛, later 雨宮吾郎 killed by a fan, and 轉生 to 星野愛久愛海 (阿奎亞).
Original anime is have 阿奎亞 and 露比, but not a clear surname, surname "星野" is later 2020 manga added to the two characters, and 阿奎亞 and 露比 in the original anime is not clear are brother and sister, is later manga added, and 雨宮吾郎轉生 to 阿奎亞 is 2020 manga's setting, and 星野愛 may be not exist in original anime, is later manga added.

 月光下的異世界之旅
月光下的異世界之旅 is original anime, at most a round aired in Animax Hong Kong in 1985, and 吉恩和阿貝莉亞 is 伊爾姆甘德因魔族的陰謀變成了怪物, later 澪 found a 避難所 meet 重新甦醒的伊爾姆甘德 when 羅茲卡爾德的混亂 吉恩和阿貝莉亞 are battle to 變異生物, and 真's team joined a 變異體討伐部隊.
Later the anime adopted to novel by 安住圭著作、マツモトミツアキ負責插畫, and the novel later adopted to anime, and original anime 真 is not clear in surname (is later manga added surname "深澄"), and 澪 in the original anime and manga and 2021 anime are not surname, and the manga added settings are "真 summoned to isekai, and magic is 超乎常規力量 etc."

 愚蠢天使與惡魔共舞
愚蠢天使與惡魔共舞 is a original anime at most a round aired in Animax Hong Kong in 1985, 莉莉 攻略 阿久津, and the 攻略 as love game, and later adopted to manga by アズマサワヨシ in 2016, in the manga, 阿久津雅虎 and 天音莉莉 have the surnames (in original anime, surnames are not clear), and the manga later adopted to 2024 anime.
In 2016 manga plot is 阿久津雅虎 in human enter school, but 莉莉 is angel, but in original anime is unclear.

 排球少年
排球少年 is a original anime (at most a round aired in Animax Hong Kong in 1985), 日向 want 嘗試新的技術, and please 影山 and 川尋 recommend, and later 烏野高中練習賽中對上了音駒高中, and 日向 may be 烏野高中.
In 2012 manga (adopted from the original anime), 日向翔陽 because 排球比賽 迷上排球, and  日向翔陽 in original anime is surname is unclear.

 龍王的工作！
龍王的工作！ is a novel adopted anime, and the novel made by 白鳥士郎 and the novel 2015 started, and anime is aired on 2018 in Tokyo MX, and in the same time, Animax Taiwan have aired the anime.

-<Animax Dialect>-
Animax dialect is a Chinese dialect made by Animax.
Chinese "同學" (classmate) tranlated "子", Chinese "少女" (girl/shoujo) tranlated to "吧".
But Animax in Facebook is unclear use the dialect, is use standard Chinese.