Animax Thunderbolt Fantasy Union, shortly Thunderia, Thunderland, is a program ruled channel after Thunderian-Animax War.

--------------------------------
Animax Thunderbolt Fantasy Union
--------------------------------
Capital | District of Budai, East Thunderland
Leader | 虛淵玄
Co-leader | 凜雪鴉
Timezone | GMT+9:00 (Standard Time of the Thunderland)
Region | Asia
--------------------------------

- History
Thunderbolt Fantasy (shortly Thunderia, Thunderland) is a program created by 虛淵玄 at 2016 and is combined Taiwanese classical culture and Japanese content industry culture.
The co-leader of the Thunderland is 凜雪鴉. and the program is have budaishi and swords.
Thunderland want make weapons, and is called 石渡マコト make weapon, and created the Thunderian National Miltary Bureau (TNMB), the bureau's leader is 洪嘉章 and 林奎協.
Thunderbolt Fantasy was entered Animax on 2025, and later in 2026 re-entered again, and rised and attacked Kobaku, and the Thunderland won.

- Miltary
The Thunderian National Miltary Bureau (TNMB) is a bureau, and 洪嘉章 and 林奎協 are the leader, member have 曾瑞榮 and 江國豪 and 謝宇喆, and the bureau have the three types of army, is Thunderian Land Army and Thunderian Sea Army and Thunderian Air Army.
Thunderian Magical Army (former Lion King Organization), is a type of army of the Thunderian National Miltary Bureau.
The Thunderian Magical Army annexed the Itogamian's Island Guard and the coast guard of Gigafloat Management Corporation and Bureau of Astrology, and the Gigafloat Management Corporation's miltary function annexed to the army.

- Capital
The District of Budai was founded by Thunderian. on the Kobaku ruled age, called the City of Kobaku.
The former captial in West Thunderland called The District of New Budai.

- Itogami Island and Cain's Ark
Itogami Island is created by Japan.
The Cain's Ark (Clusters) are a groups islands and center is Itogami Island, and the Itogami Island and Cain's Ark are called Itogami City, and the city's captial is District of New Thunderland.
The District of New Thunderland located at the small island located the west-south of the Cain's Ark and upper the southest of the Ark.
The Speical District of the Demons, is located at the island of the Ark south nearst Itogami Island.
The Concession of the Itogami located at the east nearest of Itogami Island, and the north of the concession is American Itogami, and the south-west is Britsh Itogami and the south-east is Franch Itogami, and the center is the Public Concession.
The Speical District of the Demons have demons, is have demon and human and Blackian migrants.
The Concession of the Itogami have foreigns in here, and is Itogami City's biggest city by population.
The District of New Thunderland (shortly New Thunderland), is not an Demon District and Demon Sanctuary, and the Thunderian govermant is recommend the demons migrate to the The Speical District of the Demon. and the Itogami Island is called Old Itogami Demon District.
The Speical District of the Demons and Old Itogami Demon District (Itogami Island) are Demon Districts and Demon Sanctuaries of the Itogami City.
American Itogami is have USA towns, and electric sources are nuclear and hydropower and solar panel. and have business establishments and schools, and American Itogami called Itogami's New York.
The Speical District of the Demons have wealth of services, is for the demons made, and the services more that Old Itogami Demon District.
New Thunderland is have cities like Thunderland. and is like Budai and New Budai, and have govermants located here, and have here an airport and a port.
The Public Concession of the Itogami have Chinatowns, and the concession managed by countries, and have Kingdom of Aldegia towns in here.